1436790/1438462: Part 29: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10461)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/misc/bc30665.md

## See also
- [Throw Statement](../../visual-basic/language-reference/statements/throw-statement.md)
- [Try...Catch...Finally Statement](../../visual-basic/language-reference/statements/try-catch-finally-statement.md)

> - [Exception Class in Visual Basic](xref:System.Exception)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <xref:System.Exception?displayProperty=nameWithType>
```

> - [Exception Class in Visual Basic](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2010/5ytxh3s3(v=vs.100))

Reviewer: I'd change all the links that go to 9aac396f-34ca-4afb-8e6c-e523cb690ba9 to go to System.Exception class instead using xref

> - [Exception and Error Handling in Visual Basic](../../standard/exceptions/index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Handling and throwing exceptions in .NET](../../standard/exceptions/index.md)
```

> - [Exception and Error Handling in Visual Basic](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2010/s6da8809(v=vs.100))

Reviewer: I'd change all the links that go to 3e351e73-cf23-40ab-8b60-05794160529e to go to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/exceptions/ instead
